Update main README and usage guidance (#1313)
alphagov/govuk_publishing_components: README.md

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)
=====================

> GOV.UK Publishing Components is a Ruby gem to document and distribute components in GOV.UK frontend applications.

Reviewer: Nitpick: is `GOV.UK frontend` confusing here? I initially read it as `govuk-frontend`.

Similar problem on line 38, we're talking about `GOV.UK frontend` and `GOV.UK Frontend`.

Author: "in GOV.UK applications" perhaps? I get the confusion, harder to stay away from it.

Reviewer: Yeah, I couldn't think of a good alternative. GOV.UK publishing?

Reviewer 2: GOV.UK **Publishing** as you are the publishing service part of GOV.UK (government online) 😈

Reviewer 3: Maybe?

```suggestion
GOV.UK Publishing Components is a Ruby gem to document and distribute components for GOV.UK frontend applications.
```

Author: My only concern with using 'GOV.UK Publishing' is that people may perceive them as only the ones sitting on a `.publishing.service.gov.uk` domain (e.g. Signon, Content Publisher) instead of the entire suite of applications GOV.UK owns (including the ones that are visible on www.gov.uk).

Reviewer 4: I agree with Ian and Alex:

```suggestion
GOV.UK Publishing Components is a Ruby gem to document and distribute components for GOV.UK applications.
```

Reviewer 2: GOV.UK is Government online, it's a problem that GOV.UK Publishing sees it self as 'all of GOV.UK', it should see itself as a service like Verify, Notify, Pay.

GOV.UK Publishing is the programme on the 6th floor that owns all of those suite of applications.

Reviewer 4: I agree with you in principle, but I don't think this readme is necessarily the right place to blaze a trail for that distinction.

There's a trade-off we need to make between potentially confusing external users (who don't understand what we mean when we say "GOV.UK" as opposed to "GOV.UK Publishing"), and confusing internal users (who already use the phrase "GOV.UK publishing applications" to refer to a subset of the applications that use this gem).

Maybe: _GOV.UK Publishing Components is a Ruby gem to document and distribute components for applications maintained by the GOV.UK team at GDS_ would be less controversial?

At least removing "frontend" clears up the confusion with "govuk-frontend" though.

- [AppHelpers](lib/govuk_publishing_components/app_helpers). Are exposed to the applications using this gem. They should be documented using RDoc.
- [Component Presenters](lib/govuk_publishing_components/presenters). Anything in these classes is only for use within the components. They should be marked `@private`.

## Relationship with GOV.UK Design System

> GOV.UK Publishing Components also makes [GOV.UK Design System](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/) styles and components available to GOV.UK frontend applications. This gem consumes [GOV.UK Frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend) via [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
GOV.UK Publishing Components also makes [GOV.UK Design System](https://design-system.service.gov.uk/) styles and components available to GOV.UK's frontend applications. This gem consumes [GOV.UK Frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend) via [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/).
```

## Browser and assistive technology support

> GOV.UK Publishing Components shares the same standards in terms of browser and assistive technology support with [GOV.UK Frontend](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend#browser-and-assistive-technology-support).

Reviewer 2: Is this true? We support IE8 but your project could decide to follow the service manual?

Author: This update is followed by a discussion between frontend developers in GOV.UK that happened yesterday. The reasoning behind this is that, as far as I know, the decision for the current browser matrix that GOV.UK Frontend uses was based on data from GOV.UK.

Author: Happy for this matter to be discussed more widely if we think otherwise – only that I currently can't make any of the frontend meetings 😞.

Reviewer 2: > the decision for the current browser matrix that GOV.UK Frontend uses was based on data from GOV.UK.

GOV.UK Frontend's matrix is based on supporting the lowest denominator across *all* services. Services themselves should follow the service manual as a basis and adjust according to the specific audience.

Author: We already state this in the [GOV.UK developer docs](https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/browser-support.html) it seems so this change shouldn't be controversial.
